fix pan-os-list-pcaps bug not parsed correctly (#18929)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_12_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-list-pcaps*** command failed to parse a response when the firewall contained only 1 pcap file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-list-pcaps*** command failed when the firewall contained only a single PCAP file.
```
